Replacing help.probely.com links (#1360)
snyk/user-docs: developer-tools/integrations/partner-integrations.md

| Integration                                                                                                                   | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |

> | [Akamai](https://snyk.io/blog/snyk-akamai-integration-api-discovery-testing/)                                                 | Integrate Akamai with the Snyk API & Web to discover and scan your APIs. See the [How to scan an Akamai connection for Asset Discovery](/scan-fix-and-prevent/scan-with-snyk/snyk-api-web/discover-new-targets/scan-akamai-connection-asset-discovery.md) page for more details. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Akamai](https://snyk.io/blog/snyk-akamai-integration-api-discovery-testing/)                                                 | Integrate Akamai with the Snyk API & Web to discover and scan your APIs. See the [How to scan an Akamai connection for Asset Discovery](https://app.gitbook.com/s/BJO0IZx7zB6bOkotxQP2/scan-with-snyk/scan-with-snyk/snyk-api-web/discover-new-targets/scan-akamai-connection-asset-discovery) page for more details. |
```
